{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf460
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Raw data and individual summary information for "Wild birds respond to flockmate loss by increasing their social network associations to others" (submitted). Authors: Firth*, Josh, Voelkl, Bernhard, Crates, Ross, Aplin, Lucy, Biro, Dora, Croft, Darren, Sheldon, Ben. *joshua.firth@zoo.ox.ac.uk.\
\
The Data.RData file contains four primary objects:\
\
1) \'91records\'92 contains the raw primary data for the manuscript. This is the RFID detections of visiting great tits during the study and experiment period. Each row denotes a single second RFID detection of an individual. The columns show information on (i) \'92ring\'92 - the unique ring number of the visiting great tit, (ii) \'91time\'92 - the timestamp of the detection, (iii) \'91location\'92 - the unique feeder it was detected on and (iv) \'91week\'92 - a number denoting the weekend of the detection relevant to the experiment (first removals (i.e. trial 1) performed between weekends 4 and 5).\
\
2) \'91focals\'92 contains summary information about which treatment category each individual fell into on each experimental weekend. Each row consists of an individual per trial. The columns show information on (i) \'91ring\'92 - the unique ring number of the visiting great tit, (ii) \'91trial\'92 - the trial number of that week\'92s experiment and (iii) \'91category\'92 which is one of 3 options: \'91fmr\'92 (for those who had their flockmate removed), \'91fmc\'92 (for those who had their flock mate captured and then released) and \'91ao\'92 for all other focal birds (i.e. those who appeared the weekend before and after the replica, but did not have their flock mates removed or captured). \
\
3) \'91info.on.caught.birds\'92 contains summary information regarding which birds were removed and which were caught then re-released that replica. Each row contains an individual per trial. The columns show information on (i) \'91ring\'92 - the unique ring number of the visiting great tit, (ii) \'91trial\'92 - the trial number of that week\'92s experiment and (iii) \'91treatment\'92 which is one of 2 options: \'91removed\'92 (for those individuals which were temporarily removed over the following weekend) and \'91re-released\'92 (for those individuals which were immediately re-released within 30mins of capture).\
\
4) \'91details\'92 contains the ReadMe file text instructions}